alright guys sorry this has turned out
to be the best one I've had with a guy
at a really long time me too me too
with a girl you're miss right was miss
Marilyn you gotta bring her to Hawaii
did can't bring on a corporate retreat
it's a no-brainer text her now she said
yes oh yeah I've got this girl meeting
me here
and she's amazing Missy what are you
doing here
that text from Mia was wonderful I
screwed up so huge remember that crazy
blind date I have nothing you could ever
do would disappoint me I love this one
firm I thought I was texting my dream
girl was texting that crazy girl the
best weekend plan for this company
retreat and I look forward to getting to
know your better half
I may have gone a little overboard and
bragging about you you're obsessed with
me we're gonna end up married or I'm
gonna end up dead in a ravine somewhere
what I'm down for either please keep
these cool calm very collected we should
go canoe out to an island and just chill
like if there's one nearby or far this
is a real shark test you and me let's go
[Music]
with that my mouth oh yeah goes right in
your mouth
you're welcome this he is not who I
thought she was she's free
she's fun I'm a little crazy too really
I'm not letting you jump she's alive
damn it
[Music]